WashCentral ships with its own training platform, the Academy.
p02
Click the graduation cap.
p03
You land on My Dashboard, your learning home base.
p04
Notice the top-right corner: search and Ask Shyne follow you in here too.
p05
Same platform, different wing.
p06
Read the sidebar before anything else.
p07
The Academy group holds the four places a learner lives:
p08
your dashboard, the catalog, learning paths, and your own course list.
p09
Below it sits an Admin group.
p10
That is the back office, another lesson entirely, and we stay out of it today.
p11
Four tiles across the top.
p12
Enrolled, completed, hours, certificates.
p13
Every one reads zero because this account has never taken a course,
p14
and that is worth seeing once:
p15
it is exactly what a brand new client learner sees on day one.
p16
These four numbers are your status at a glance.
p17
Under the tiles, Continue Learning.
p18
This is the resume slot.
p19
When you are partway through a course, it surfaces here
p20
so you pick up mid-lesson instead of hunting for where you left off.
p21
On a fresh account it previews the starter course instead,
p22
and View All opens the fuller list.
p23
Look closer at the card, hands off the buttons.
p24
Two chips set the category and the level, then the title,
p25
a progress bar at zero of six lessons, and the total runtime, forty five minutes.
p26
Start Course would enroll you, and this walk is browse only,
p27
so it stays unclicked.
p28
Below that, All Courses.
p29
Each card follows one anatomy:
p30
a category ribbon, the title, who teaches it and how long it runs,
p31
a progress bar, and a status line.
p32
Not started means available; a moving bar means enrolled.
p33
Browse Catalog up in the corner reaches the full library.
p34
Six courses on this dashboard.
p35
They start with the platform basics at forty five minutes
p36
and climb to a two hour fifteen minute analytics course.
p37
Real instructors, real lesson counts.
p38
Every one reads Not started here, and every Start button stays untouched.
p39
Now My Achievements.
p40
Three badges earned, three locked.
p41
The earned ones render in full color;
p42
the locked ones sit dimmed until you meet their condition.
p43
A small thing, but it is the Academy's gamification layer,
p44
and client crews notice it more than you would expect.
p45
On the right, the Org Leaderboard.
p46
Colleagues ranked by learning points,
p47
with your own row highlighted so you can find yourself in the standings.
p48
It is view only from here,
p49
and it is the panel that turns a training rollout into a bit of a competition.
p50
Under the standings, Quick Links.
p51
A couple of shortcuts, your learning paths and your certificates,
p52
that jump straight to those views without a trip through the sidebar.
p53
Nothing deep here.
p54
Just the fast lane.
p55
Back to the sidebar for the other three stops.
p56
The catalog is the full library, nineteen courses deep.
p57
Learning Paths chains them into named tracks,
p58
twenty two courses in all, none started on this account.
p59
And My Learning keeps your own record across four tabs, every one at zero today.
p60
We point without opening.
p61
Their interiors are a walk for another lesson.
p62
One rule before you explore on your own.
p63
Browsing, hovering, reading: all free.
p64
Enrolling is not.
p65
Start Course, Start, and any enroll button create real training records,
p66
so in this lesson none of them get clicked.
p67
Taking a course comes later.
p68
That is the learner side.
p69
Four tiles for your status, Continue Learning to resume,
p70
the course grid and catalog to browse,
p71
badges and the leaderboard to keep score,
p72
and three more sidebar stops when you are ready.
p73
You read all of it without enrolling in a thing.